I'm super pumped for my stream to start
so I can just play ap noses I hate
computers Carson you just join company
no I'm so sorry
how do you use these things you can buy
cram merch at goop dot store guys this
water is a hundred dollars yeah I guess
a hundred dollar water house pits are
gonna find a job now Gosselin that's not
funny who's trying to shoot me it's this
person named November out there jumping
down the shaft I want to apologize for
my actions has no name mode
Foxtrot I am [__] I can spell
bystander backwards spell bystander
backwards
hey guys describe Travis in three words
you want me to describe Travis in three
words
the bystander this yeah oh yes no
bystander backwards oh this is another
cheap attempt at copying vanoss the god
of YouTube how can you strive to compare
yourself to geminus or of pure creative
skill I'm sorry no because I just shot
someone no it's not great Juliette wait
who said it was gray Juliette hey Miko
Miko Miko Miko Miko me no I haven't said
[__] Oh reference Houdini there was now
do you know what his name was
for those of you who don't understand
the joke what Charlie did is he loaded
in for sound clips of him going how do I
use this thing hey please fix my monitor
not crazy what happened over there huh
I'm all right get a lot of that guy oh
man imagine if I was the murderer of
course you have to break the [__]
monitor before one second I've got to do
a review of Dookie fresh by
raywilliamjohnson I'll be right back
this is the needle drop all right and
I'm Anthony Fantana
[Music]
porta-potty pump is crazy straight I
hate it it's the worst song I've ever
listened to it is straight-up Dookie
doing your mom is a classic song doing
your mom actually has a great tempo and
great beat what's the texture pack this
is oh my god dude what is the texture
pack are you a trainer no why did that
exchange happen hey man I don't have a
weapon I hope you're not mean it says
you're what why did you do that reader
Wow why would you do that no I'm gonna
be completely honest I was selecting my
gun and I clicked my gun oh god he's
coming for me
if Carson kills me doin your mom slime
if you don't take that off your sound
board I'm not gonna game with you
anymore it's gone you don't even need to
threaten me it's going on your Chambord
right now I need to burn why why do you
keep doing this oh yeah if you don't get
off my head I can't get off your head
someone's on my head
don't shoot me don't shoot me you come
in here you get flanked with that did
for us look what that did for us oh
that's not the right skin hey Nick Nick
what's up Nick do you wanna play TT to
you with us what are you a sari away
from home or are you just on the toilet
I should probably go back and wife it's
Travis
Wow actually what do it I knew it I
pegged them I'm gonna go wipe now bye
look well I never want to talk to them
again yeah who's left Charlie in you Oh
Charlie's the traitor I can't believe
Chris is the traitor
[Laughter]
I have a bad feeling about what I think
we might do some gmod thank you for the
subs wow is that you were your your
sampler thank you for the subs Prime
[Laughter]
holster you just have to scrub I gotta
restart my game I'm a little shopping I
feel really sick I don't know about you
guys this is the worst did you load a
sneeze into your sand board no I would
definitely I would never do that under
the weather
sorry guys I think I caught whatever he
I think I caught whatever he's got can
we all go to the middle and not kill
each other first I can either tell you
so the other day I looked down on my leg
I saw it something funny and I decided I
wanted to get rid of it it was the rash
judgment that's all I had to say no no
no guys guys please please please that's
a lot of that's a lot of the same skin
look at me guys please I hate mirrors
they look too much like me oh my god
Charlie are you baby oh my god
I'm good I don't need to say it I'm good
Charlie come on Charlie what was that no
don't say it's not worth it
who's left oh there he is it's Carson
what no I'm so innocent I'm just chillin
on my computer
I hate Reddit I hate it so much oh we
didn't even get me rid of gold I'm
giving you a Down Dog Carson no please
hold on let me read the comments he
clearly likes it he clearly likes it he
clearly likes it
oh I didn't like it thank you for the
gold kind stranger discombobulated ER
it's a toy widow sorry guys that was
uncalled for
you better wash my hands okay all clean
um please look like Oh
well um and this is where I disappear
it guys the f1 you can turn on your
flashlight you see the eyes of a trader
are unable to handle it's not I knew you
were the traitor at mans you were
looking straight at me with a scoped
sniper all I'm saying is your gameband
my dad knows
[Music]